# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile pyproject.toml -o requirements.txt
absl-py==2.2.2
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   keras
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
addict==2.4.0
    # via open3d
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.18
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   gcsfs
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   aiohttp
alabaster==1.0.0
    # via sphinx
albucore==0.0.24
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   albumentations
albumentations==2.0.6
    # via ncalab (pyproject.toml)
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   pydantic
astroid==3.3.9
    # via sphinx-autoapi
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   stack-data
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   tensorflow
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.17.0
    # via sphinx
blinker==1.9.0
    # via flask
build==1.2.2.post1
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   pip-tools
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   google-auth
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   requests
cfgv==3.4.0
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   pre-commit
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   requests
cheroot==10.0.1
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   tensorboard-plugin-profile
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   flask
    #   pip-tools
colorclass==2.2.2
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   pip-upgrader
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
configargparse==1.7
    # via open3d
contourpy==1.3.2
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   matplotlib
dash==2.9.3
    # via open3d
dash-core-components==2.0.0
    # via dash
dash-html-components==2.0.0
    # via dash
dash-table==5.0.0
    # via dash
debugpy==1.8.14
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   ipykernel
decorator==5.2.1
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   gcsfs
    #   ipython
distlib==0.3.9
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   virtualenv
docopt==0.6.2
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   pip-upgrader
docutils==0.21.2
    # via sphinx
efficientnet==1.0.0
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   segmentation-models
efficientnet-pytorch==0.7.1
    # via ncalab (pyproject.toml)
emoji==2.14.1
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   pilmoji
etils==1.12.2
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   tensorboard-plugin-profile
eval-type-backport==0.2.2
    # via ncalab (pyproject.toml)
executing==2.2.0
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.21.1
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
    #   virtualenv
fire==0.7.0
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   medmnist
flask==3.1.0
    # via
    #   dash
    #   open3d
flatbuffers==25.2.10
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   tensorflow
fonttools==4.57.0
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   matplotlib
frozenlist==1.6.0
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.3.2
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   etils
    #   gcsfs
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   tensorboard-plugin-profile
    #   torch
gast==0.6.0
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   tensorflow
gcsfs==2025.3.2
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   fsspec
google-api-core==2.24.2
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth==2.39.0
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   gcsfs
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth-oauthlib==1.2.2
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   gcsfs
google-cloud-core==2.4.3
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-storage==3.1.0
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   gcsfs
google-crc32c==1.7.1
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   tensorflow
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.70.0
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   google-api-core
grpcio==1.72.0
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
gviz-api==1.10.0
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   tensorboard-plugin-profile
h5py==3.12.1
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   keras
    #   keras-applications
    #   tensorflow
huggingface-hub==0.30.2
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   segmentation-models-pytorch
    #   timm
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
identify==2.6.10
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   pre-commit
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   requests
    #   yarl
image-classifiers==1.0.0
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   segmentation-models
imageio==2.37.0
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   scikit-image
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
importlib-resources==6.5.2
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   etils
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   pytest
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via ncalab (pyproject.toml)
ipython==8.31.0
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
ipywidgets==8.1.6
    # via open3d
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via flask
jaraco-functools==4.1.0
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   cheroot
jedi==0.19.2
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   ipython
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   flask
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-autoapi
    #   torch
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   scikit-learn
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   ipykernel
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbformat
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.14
    # via ipywidgets
keras==3.9.2
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   tensorflow
keras-applications==1.0.8
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   efficientnet
    #   image-classifiers
    #   segmentation-models
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   matplotlib
lazy-loader==0.4
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   scikit-image
libclang==18.1.1
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   tensorflow
markdown==3.8
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   tensorboard
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.10.1
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   open3d
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   markdown-it-py
medmnist==3.0.2
    # via ncalab (pyproject.toml)
ml-dtypes==0.5.1
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   keras
    #   onnxscript
    #   tensorflow
more-itertools==10.7.0
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   cheroot
    #   jaraco-functools
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   sympy
multidict==6.4.3
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
munch==4.0.0
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   pretrainedmodels
mypy==1.15.0
    # via ncalab (pyproject.toml)
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   mypy
namex==0.0.9
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   keras
narwhals==1.37.1
    # via plotly
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via open3d
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   ipykernel
networkx==3.4.2
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   scikit-image
    #   torch
nodeenv==1.9.1
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   pre-commit
numpy==2.1.3
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   albucore
    #   albumentations
    #   contourpy
    #   h5py
    #   imageio
    #   keras
    #   keras-applications
    #   matplotlib
    #   medmnist
    #   ml-dtypes
    #   onnx
    #   onnxscript
    #   open3d
    #   opencv-python-headless
    #   pandas
    #   pandas-stubs
    #   pyquaternion
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   segmentation-models-pytorch
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tifffile
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
nvidia-cublas-cu12==12.6.4.1
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   nvidia-cudnn-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu12==12.6.80
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu12==12.6.77
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu12==12.6.77
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   torch
nvidia-cudnn-cu12==9.5.1.17
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   torch
nvidia-cufft-cu12==11.3.0.4
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   torch
nvidia-cufile-cu12==1.11.1.6
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   torch
nvidia-curand-cu12==10.3.7.77
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   torch
nvidia-cusolver-cu12==11.7.1.2
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   torch
nvidia-cusparse-cu12==12.5.4.2
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cusparselt-cu12==0.6.3
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   torch
nvidia-nccl-cu12==2.26.2
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   torch
nvidia-nvjitlink-cu12==12.6.85
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   nvidia-cufft-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusparse-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-nvtx-cu12==12.6.77
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   torch
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   requests-oauthlib
onnx==1.17.0
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   onnxscript
onnxscript==0.2.5
    # via ncalab (pyproject.toml)
open3d==0.19.0
    # via ncalab (pyproject.toml)
opencv-python-headless==4.11.0.86
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   albucore
    #   albumentations
opt-einsum==3.4.0
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   tensorflow
optree==0.15.0
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   keras
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   build
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipykernel
    #   keras
    #   lazy-loader
    #   matplotlib
    #   onnxscript
    #   pip-upgrader
    #   plotly
    #   pytest
    #   scikit-image
    #   sphinx
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   transformers
    #   wheel
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   medmnist
    #   open3d
    #   seaborn
    #   torch-tb-profiler
pandas-stubs==2.2.3.250308
    # via ncalab (pyproject.toml)
parso==0.8.4
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   jedi
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   ipython
pillow==11.2.1
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   medmnist
    #   open3d
    #   pilmoji
    #   scikit-image
    #   segmentation-models-pytorch
    #   torchvision
pilmoji @ git+https://github.com/jay3332/pilmoji@b4cf625ca37717f93c5c39ed537b2c6fc60c6e13
    # via ncalab (pyproject.toml)
pip==25.1
    # via pip-tools
pip-tools==7.4.1
    # via ncalab (pyproject.toml)
pip-upgrader==1.4.15
    # via ncalab (pyproject.toml)
platformdirs==4.3.7
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   jupyter-core
    #   virtualenv
plotly==6.0.1
    # via dash
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   pytest
pre-commit==4.2.0
    # via ncalab (pyproject.toml)
pretrainedmodels==0.7.4
    # via ncalab (pyproject.toml)
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   ipython
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==4.25.7
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   onnx
    #   proto-plus
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorboard-plugin-profile
    #   tensorflow
psutil==7.0.0
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   stack-data
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   google-auth
pydantic==2.11.4
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   albumentations
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   pydantic
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   ipython
    #   rich
    #   sphinx
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   matplotlib
pyproject-hooks==1.2.0
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
pyquaternion==0.9.9
    # via open3d
pytest==8.3.5
    # via ncalab (pyproject.toml)
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytorch-msssim==1.0.0
    # via ncalab (pyproject.toml)
pytz==2024.2
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   albumentations
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   open3d
    #   pre-commit
    #   sphinx-autoapi
    #   timm
    #   transformers
pyzmq==26.4.0
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   gcsfs
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pip-upgrader
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   sphinx
    #   tensorflow
    #   transformers
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
rich==14.0.0
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   keras
roman-numerals-py==3.1.0
    # via sphinx
rpds-py==0.24.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9.1
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   google-auth
safetensors==0.5.3
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   segmentation-models-pytorch
    #   timm
    #   transformers
scikit-image==0.25.2
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   efficientnet
    #   medmnist
scikit-learn==1.6.1
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   medmnist
    #   open3d
scipy==1.15.2
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   albumentations
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via ncalab (pyproject.toml)
segmentation-models==1.0.1
    # via ncalab (pyproject.toml)
segmentation-models-pytorch==0.5.0
    # via ncalab (pyproject.toml)
semver==3.0.4
    # via ncalab (pyproject.toml)
setuptools==80.1.0
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   pip-tools
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorboard-plugin-profile
    #   tensorflow
    #   torch
    #   triton
simsimd==6.2.1
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   albucore
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   astunparse
    #   google-pasta
    #   gviz-api
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorboard-plugin-profile
    #   tensorflow
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
sphinx==8.2.3
    # via sphinx-autoapi
sphinx-autoapi==3.6.0
    # via ncalab (pyproject.toml)
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.1.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   ipython
stringzilla==3.12.5
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   albucore
sympy==1.14.0
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   torch
tensorboard==2.19.0
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   tensorflow
    #   torch-tb-profiler
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.2
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-profile==2.19.4
    # via ncalab (pyproject.toml)
tensorflow==2.19.0
    # via ncalab (pyproject.toml)
termcolor==3.1.0
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   fire
    #   tensorflow
terminaltables==3.1.10
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   pip-upgrader
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   scikit-learn
tifffile==2025.3.30
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   scikit-image
timm==1.0.15
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   segmentation-models-pytorch
tokenizers==0.21.1
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   transformers
torch==2.7.0
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   efficientnet-pytorch
    #   medmnist
    #   pretrainedmodels
    #   pytorch-msssim
    #   segmentation-models-pytorch
    #   timm
    #   torchvision
torch-tb-profiler==0.4.3
    # via ncalab (pyproject.toml)
torcheval==0.0.7
    # via ncalab (pyproject.toml)
torchvision==0.22.0
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   medmnist
    #   pretrainedmodels
    #   segmentation-models-pytorch
    #   timm
tornado==6.4.2
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   medmnist
    #   open3d
    #   pretrainedmodels
    #   segmentation-models-pytorch
    #   transformers
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbformat
transformers==4.51.3
    # via ncalab (pyproject.toml)
triton==3.3.0
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   torch
types-pytz==2025.2.0.20250326
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   pandas-stubs
types-requests==2.32.0.20250328
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   types-tqdm
types-tqdm==4.67.0.20250417
    # via ncalab (pyproject.toml)
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   etils
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   mypy
    #   onnxscript
    #   optree
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   referencing
    #   tensorflow
    #   torch
    #   torcheval
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   pandas
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   requests
    #   types-requests
virtualenv==20.30.0
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   pre-commit
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   prompt-toolkit
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   flask
    #   open3d
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorboard-plugin-profile
wheel==0.46.1
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   astunparse
    #   pip-tools
widgetsnbextension==4.0.14
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   tensorflow
yarl==1.20.0
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   aiohttp
zipp==3.21.0
    # via
    #   ncalab (pyproject.toml)
    #   etils
